Japan has been engaging in monetary and
fiscal stimulus measures in order to
keep the stock market afloat the
stagnation has been incredibly historic
a first-of-its-kind never before has
such a large scale operation taking
place with absolutely no positive effect
and yet here we are you came here for
the truth today we are going to talk
about Japan the Fed and so many others
let's begin
Japan Postbank coal plants suspended
initial 100 billion yen that's about a
billion dollars directly buying stocks
now remember that this is in addition to
what the company already owns which is 2
trillion yen in stocks where does the
company get this money from well they're
getting it from the central banks
they're getting it from individuals who
are trying to save their money in these
banks who are giving their money to the
fund managers and everything else so the
money makes its way through the system
one way or another and a lot of people
believe that the commercial banks are
separate from central banks and while
yes to some degree they are that's a
fact however they all work together and
who are they working together with you
and I and maybe a few of our friends no
it's us versus them you're not part of
them you're part of us I assure you you
can invest in these companies you can do
what you want but you're not part of
them they are working against us
remember that very clearly when they're
buying these shares they are not doing
it in your favor
I assure you depending how you want to
look at that it's a fact now a lot of
people will say you know what banks
aren't gonna do this banks are not going
to print up money to save stocks well
let's just take a trip down memory lane
this is the Federal Reserve 16 trillion
dollar bailout that took place a few
years ago time really flies well
actually they say it right here
2007 to 2010
some of the companies which they gave to
Citigroup Morgan Stanley Merrill Lynch
Bank of America Barclays Bear Stearns
Goldman Sachs and all of the other big
names every single bank you've ever
heard of received a donation from the
Fed even banks in Canada even banks
basically in any country wherever you
live there's a good chance that the
Federal Reserve bailed them out a few
years ago a lot of people don't believe
it a lot of people ridiculed me and said
that I was a liar well I keep showing
you the facts and I keep receiving this
ridicule but it's okay it's a fact that
the Federal Reserve bailed out the
countless institutions during the
financial crisis a lot of people don't
understand it and therefore they get
upset well this is the facts presented
to you yet again here at the money GPS
let's go on the ever-widening wage gap
something that I talk about all the time
because whenever you go to any
developing nation you see something
that's very clear and that is there is
no middle class it's the same in
virtually any developing nation and all
of them that I I've studied anyway the
ones I've been to and everything else
you see this wage gap this disparity in
between the haves and have-nots and it's
huge in some places and it's fairly
large in others but you can just see it
right here this chart below shows the
growing changes since 1973 to wages
among men at the top and the middle of
the earnings distribution look at this
they just keep getting more and more and
more and yet everybody else has to
suffer so a lot of people will say well
why don't we take from this here and
send it down below does it really work
like that okay because the people at the
top of the top you know these
technocrats
they have created laws created this
system of government to ensure that you
do not get a piece of that and it's not
really the way it works the money is
designed the whole system the monetary
system is designed that you can't get
any of that it's just the way it works
look at this other chart here diverging
income trajectories real family income
indexed to 1973 across the distribution
1947 to 2014 you can see this you're
basically just splitting up the
percentiles essentially the wealthiest
people have more money than ever before
everybody else you get the short end of
the stick shouldn't surprise anyone this
was interesting Bitcoin the market cap
of Bitcoin actually surpassing Netflix
PayPal heading towards Microsoft and
it's something to think note of of
course it's not a stock works
differently but it's just to see the
amount of investment in a particular
asset and you could see that Bitcoin has
obviously done very very well a lot of
people don't like it there's you know a
theory back and forth on the comments on
my videos here and my opinion is is
really not important all that matters is
that the market cap is continuing to
increase so wanted to bring that to you
I thought it was interesting the SMP 500
okay one of the issue said two of the
primary indicators when people are
looking at the technicals are the 50-day
moving average and the 200 day moving
average and there's a literally
thousands of others but this is the ones
that these are the ones that come up
often look at this the percentage of the
SMP members above the 50-day moving
average just took a nosedive if it
appears and that is happening let's say
over the last month or two something to
take a look at I personally think that
it's
still maintaining my position that it is
only a few select stocks which have
caused this market to rise you can see
this here the percentage of the SP
members above their 200-day moving
average same instance here and this goes
back from previous to that looking look
at how when you break it down to what
this really is central banks around the
world have been engaging in these same
policies they're doing so now they give
money to the commercial banks the
commercial banks are able to do so look
at countries like China for example how
they give money to their central bank
gives money to their subsidiaries and
then those subsidiaries end up buying
shares and the buying debt and the
basically bailing out the corporation's
other corporations other entities and
that's the way it all works you don't
have to see it directly you have to you
know sometimes there's a few steps
involved here okay last but not least
speaking of China made in America will
soon grace the labels of t-shirts
produced by a Chinese company in Little
Rock so they have robots and think about
this for just a moment when you could
make it for 33 cents the cost per shirt
is 33 cents no human labor could ever
compete with a 33 century this is
unbelievable and they'll say made in
America people will feel good buying it
even though it is a Chinese company even
though it is replacing labor even though
they probably only need a small handful
of people to operate the whole facility
and robots doing the rest of the work
people will be all for it because it has
made in America you need to be very
clear on what you're getting and I think
that as I always say robots will replace
much of the workforce it's simply a
matter of
if you found this video informative
please give me a thumbs up I do
appreciate your thumbs up and share your
comments your subscriptions to this
YouTube channel as we proceed beyond
65,000 hopefully soon hopefully we can
get up to that goal that I have of
100,000 subscribers it's a goal I have
set for myself for this YouTube channel
I have so many great people out there
who are watching all of my videos and
I'm just ecstatic about the positivity
that I get every day and I wanted to say
thank you once again to all of you